fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/reinigungsgesellschaft.md

title: Reinigungsgesellschaft
images:
  - src: 07_reinigungsgesellschaft_belgrade_feb06_0.jpg

>     alt: "Workshop collaboration in Belgrade with multiple participants working at tables with sewing machines and materials, woman in pink cardigan at foreground sewing machine, industrial workspace"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: "Multiple people working at tables with sewing machines and materials, in industrial workspace"
```
